okay now this is really cool this is
actually icon a found in 1990 at a tape
one nineteen ninety one minute 12 no one
hour 12 minutes with the five seconds
confirmed iconic and this is really
special because the turtle on our last
guy as we went to the truest against the
wall this handsome feature here is
iconic and sighting at 90 91 tape 6 1
hour 15 minutes 41 seconds and we have a
little guy here often it's really
amazing this our first dive and iconic
suppose that's her
behaving very casually
those are those are things we didn't
notice before but now you do the other
thing is you're starting to see a change
in the mound area the turtle house I
think is the victim of all the algae
blooms got quite different from lake
before this is at oh let's let's call it
1992 tape 1 the seventh minute
1992 tape 1 15 minutes 18 seconds is
iconic pretty very confident here at
this point mainly running this to show
you what the turtle house looks
especially from the kapalua side icon a
1982 depressions in the background p
mound coming up now and it's good to
compare with 1997
it's a digital unit is such a pleasure
it's so easy to work this is one of the
most remarkable things of 1992 tape one
at one minute one hour 10 minutes 42
seconds it was a very bright day you can
tell and for whatever reason I Connie
was fascinated with us I don't know it
was just the the glint off the camera or
what but she really I don't know what I
call icon Ishii because I almost certain
it's a male came right in our faces swam
up and just images who knows it might be
able to use kids as I Connie at 92 tape
to 34 minutes doing what he does best
nothing and it goes on for a long time
92 tape to 57 minutes 16 seconds and we
frequently seen this behavior this is
the leave-me-alone get the camera on my
face gesture and it's I Connie
uh
92 tape to 58 sec 50 minutes 24 seconds
I Bonnie then say the same sequence for
whatever reason got over her keep the
camera out of my face and actually put
her camera I mean put her face into the
camera which is happening right here
5840 that's cool hip to it one hour 40
set 40 minutes 47 seconds this is iconic
I'm not sure what she's up to sort of
not just not sure your shoes are small
so it was back then oh look at that
that's a stick it pal now I know what
she was up to that's the full extent and
flipper there Jeremy that was 11 hour 41
minutes of 92 tape to you to tape 3 13
minutes 57 seconds just an interesting
way that I Connie has of landing at this
point
not the most graceful thing ninety-two
tape 314 minutes 21 seconds I Connie
again just hanging around 92 tape 31
hour 13 minutes it goes on forever same
part of the sequence just a little bit
closer one hour 14 minutes of 92 tape
three icona hanging around